is there a way to have quantam AND rewind?
at each point in time save the state of each thing
most things are in an indeterminant state where they could be in a range of values
when you have to decide on a state, poll all other states along the timeline, past and future
prune unimportant states like far in the past
important states all contribute to the current state
STORY: (IGNORE STORY FOR NOW, FOCUS ON MECHANICS)

lighting is sampled from each texel multiplied by the probability that light could have bounced from that texel
use wave functions similar to the way pathfinding works

real time conversations?
NPCs need to be able to react instantly to actions taken by the player
such as hurting an NPC
the action should not be interrupted by a dialogue prompt, and I don't think I want the NPC to prompt the player
then the problem is how do I show facial expressions?
option 1: small popup window next to character with reaction face
option 2: allow player to zoom in on characters, characters have stylized large faces

3rd person shooter
shoot dialogue options to say them

should passage of time be handled in discrete intervals like persona?
no better to make everything real time
time moves very slowly for a game so you don't have to race the NPCs
you can choose to wait/rewind a certain amount of time

DIALOGUE
everything is real time
should text appear over the character's head?
or in the center of the screen?

when a character says certain responses, they will prompt a response from the player
you can select/highlight the chracter then select a response from the popup menu

text and prompts appear in real time and must be responded to in a timely manner
you can pause/scrub time to replay conversations


classic isekai 
you are killed by truck 
you wake up in a blank room with a goddess
the goddess tasks you with defeating the demon lord in a fantasy world
The only available heroic ability she can grant is save and reload
She tells you that ability will be near useless for killing the demon lord
When you get there you discover that there is already a hero
You ask to join the hero's party but he doesn't trust you
Goddess tells you to just wait it out until the hero kills the demon lord
There's rumors in the kingdom that you're an imposter hero
You have to leave the kingdom to avoid being killed
what's the next goal?
goddess asks her boss for help
boss says that she lost contact with other powerful heroes
boss gets in contact with hero
hero confirms that there is a traitor amongst the heroes and he was tasked with investigating the disappearances
hero says to work separately
main antagonist powers - future sight?

MYSTERIES:
why is there another hero?
- the hero is an imposter
- the hero opposes the demons
- the hero is aware that there are traitors within the other heroes

why does the system exist?
- the old gods made the system as a weapon against the demons
- the system allows users to develop their skills much faster than normal and use magic
- the old gods divided the universe into many different worlds and separated them from each other to stop the spread of the demons
- most worlds in the universe are no longer in contact (assumed to have fallen to demons)
- heroic abilities are just the powers of the long-dead old gods 

what are the demons?
- demons are just humans altered by magic

what are the gods? what are their powers?
- new gods are former heroes
- the blank room is a bridge between worlds
- you can't use the blank room to cross into another world
- the new gods have heroic abilities

why are there heroes and demon lords?
- primary antagonist created heroes and demon lords to incite a war between humans and demons
- in every world, when one side wins the world is plunged into darkness

how are heroes chosen for specific worlds?
- generally someone who accomplished great things but has a lot of regret is chosen to become a hero
- the hero is given a heroic ability and must stop the demon lord

why was the main character chosen from Earth?
- the fact that you got save/load implies that the person with save/load has died
- the killer of the save/load hero gave it to a random person from an unimportant world so it wouldn't fall into the hands of a powerful hero

who is the antagonist?
- nihilistic person who wants every world to be destroyed in a fight between humans and demons
